hey how you doing everybody I'm Mike
Ketchel from Mike tech here at Anaheim
at the 2013 winter namm show so here we
go we're introducing a bunch of new
products but these are the three most
very important ones starting right here
with the cv 3 this is our new
multi-pattern tube microphone it's kind
of like the little brother of our CV for
which in a very short time has won a lot
of accolades from very very famous
famous engineers and what we got going
on right here is we have a9 pattern tube
microphone that uses the exact same
capsule as our CV for it uses the exact
same power supply as the CV for which is
where we get the nine patterns from and
it also has on the back here we have a
high pass filter and a pan on it which
we actually don't have on the CV for
what's different about it and the CV for
is it has a transformer that's more of
the size of like a c12 or a 251 so it's
a smallest transformer with at sea
before has a large transformer like a 47
or something like this and it also has a
miniature pentode tube where the sea
before has a EF eight hundred new old
stock telefunken too but one of the
things that's also very special about
this is we've includes our expanded our
manufacturing capabilities and that we
actually created tools for this
microphone so we're becoming more like a
more sophisticated manufacturer and
we're able to make this at a much lower
cost as far as the body of the
microphone that gives us the ability to
put this microphone on the market for
999 which is a great value price for a
mic tech tube mic sound now just as far
as how it sounds we convened a panel of
some of our favorite engineers and
Nashville like michael wagner and glenn
Rosenstein and dave cal muskie and did a
quick shoot out before we came out to
the namm show so we could have some
comments from some people so we could
talk about it and when we were hoping
for is they come back and say it sounds
almost as good as a CV for but actually
what we found out is they came back and
said it sounds just as good as to see
before some people liked it better than
a see before it's a little bit different
in the bottom end but it's a very very
similar sound it's a great sounding Mike
and that's the cv3 comes with the shock
mount swivel mount wood box 7 pin XLR in
a wooden case the microphone set and
then that's all an aluminum
travel case so it's a beautiful package
and that's the new cv3 and we're going
to show off right now our new c 1 f ET
condenser basically this microphone is
the exact same microphone is our c7 f ET
condenser which is a microphone that
we've had kept moen doors for us who use
it on his last record he actually
recorded tracks that he recorded on a
very famous $10,000 rental mike but he
liked the sound of the c7 so much when
he bought it for his home studio he
decided to rerecord half the record well
here's the little brother of the c7 it's
to see one it's the exact same
microphone as the c7 the only difference
being it's a fixed cardioid pickup
pattern other than that it has the same
high pass filter in the same pan uses
the same custom mike tech transformer
from am I it also has the internal bias
switch so you can change the bias
voltage on the capsule from 48 to 60
volts so it's an f et that gives you the
old classic sound at 48 volts and a new
modern more upfront sound at 60 volts so
it's just a wonderful microphone and
that's to see one from Mike tech oh and
that's going to map for 599 hey this is
the are 99 from Mike tech this is
actually we applied for a patent we call
it an auto set duel mode ribbon mic and
what we mean by that is we put a bunch
of prototypes out to our favorite
engineers in Nashville we had my K and
Mike being we said which one do you like
better and they said you know we like
this one on this and we like this one on
this so basically two different
microphones one had a sweet transformer
by a mi for a very vintage classic kind
of sound and the other one was inactive
with the more modern kind of circuit so
since everybody said they look like both
of them we had the idea mutually a bunch
of us to actually try to put both sets
of electronics in there and that's
exactly what we did so basically you
have both the active and the passive
electronics here and all you need to do
is turn on phantom power and the
microphone automatically switches to
active mode so you have two voices great
sound and ribbon mic right at your
fingertips you can switch it easily
right from your desk or from your mic
pre and that's the r99 from Mike tech
Best in Show at aes to find out more
about the cv3 in the c1 and also our r99
check out Mike check audio com